docs: add documentation for AWS secrets (#3295)
island-is/island.is: README.md

yarn lint <project>
```

> > Running lint locally is slow and fill up heap memory. This is related to Typescript compilation and NX lint builder being slow. As a result you might get a `JavaScript heap out of memory`. NX is working on fixing this for an upcoming update. In the meantime you can do `NODE_OPTIONS=“--max-old-space-size=4096” yarn lint <project>` to raise the memory limit.

Author: @eirikurn That should be fixed with latest NX and node@14, right? at least locally I didn't get the error anymore

Reviewer: Not sure about that. I still have some lint issues locally. IDE timeout at least. Might depend on which project you're lining, but haven't tried removing this from my .env yet.

yarn nx dep-graph
```

### Secrets

> To know everything about AWS secrets, please check out [this documentation](handbook/repository/aws-secrets.md).

Reviewer 2: Needs to make it more clear that this documentation contains the proposed way of sharing development secrets, etc.

yarn nx dep-graph
```

### AWS Secrets

A dedicated documentation about fetching shared development secrets or creating new secrets, using AWS secrets is available [here](handbook/repository/aws-secrets.md).

### Running proxy against development service

> You are able to run a couple of proxy against the development services: `db`, `es`, `redis` and `xroad`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have AWS access to our development account, you can connect to development databases and services using a proxy. We've set up a proxy and connection helpers for our development Postgres, Elastic Search, Redis and X-Road Security Server.
```

To do so, you can run for example:

```bash
./scripts/run-db-proxy.sh
```

> It will try to get your AWS credentials through the bash EXPORTS or either defined in the `~/.aws/credentials` file. If you chose the AWS SSO method to use the AWS scripts that won't work for you. You will need to visit your AWS account and export or edit the `~/.aws/credentials` file. More instructions available [here](handbook/repository/aws-secrets.md#using-aws-session).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will try to get your AWS credentials from your environment variables and from your `~/.aws/credentials` file. We're currently not able to get AWS credentials from an AWS profile configured using AWS SSO. You will need to visit your AWS account and export the credentials manually or add them to your `~/.aws/credentials` file. You can find more instructions [here](handbook/repository/aws-secrets.md#using-aws-session).
```

{% hint style="info" %}
You will be able to find the credentials needed to open the development services on your AWS account.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> If you want to run your app against one of this service (e.g. `db`), you will need to edit your sequelize config to pass the proxy credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run your app against one of this service (e.g. `db`), you may need to edit your app environment or sequelize config to pass the proxy credentials.
```
